---
title: Template Tags
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

When using the stand-alone fieldtype you have access to a variety of variables containing information about your video that you can use to create your own embed tag or just display extra information about the videos. These variables are:

``{field_name}``

This will give you the full iframe embed code.

``{field_name:id}``

The video ID.

``{field_name:url}``

The full URL to the video.

``{field_name:description}``

The video description.

``{field_name:width}``

The width of the video as chosen in the publish entry page.

``{field_name:height}``

The height of the video as chosen in the publish entry page.

``{field_name:author}``

The author of the video, or user who posted the video..

``{field_name:length}``

The total length of the video.

``{field_name:type}``

The type of video, either youtube or vimeo.

``{field_name:thumbnail_small}``

A small thumbnail generated by the video service.

``{field_name:thumbnail_large}``

A large thumbnail generated by the video service.

## Low Variables Support
Wyvern Video supports Low Variables, but due to how Wyvern Video saves its data you must use the Low Variables parse tags. You can read about those tags from Low’s site.

Here are a couple of examples though:

``{exp:low_variables:parse var="lv_var_name"}`` Will return the entire embed tag for the video.

``{exp:low_variables:parse var="lv_var_name" attribute="url"}`` Will return just the URL for the video so you can embed it however you want. All the attributes listed above in the variables list are available. (The attributes are the values after the colon)

You can also access all the attributes individually through the pair tag.

```
{exp:low_variables:pair var="lv_var_name"}
    {embed}
    {description}
    {url}
{/exp:low_variables:pair}
```

When used inside of Matrix you will need to prefix each attribute with the Matrix column name. In this example “video” is the short name for the Matrix column.

```
{exp:low_variables:pair var="lv_var_name"}
    <iframe src="{video:url}" width="{video:width}" height="{video:height}" border="0"></iframe>
{/exp:low_variables:pair}
```

##Module Tags

Wyvern Video 1.2 introduced module tags for searching YouTube and Vimeo. Below are examples of each tag with all the available variables. Queries to each service will be cached for quicker load times and to avoid repeated hits to each API.

The following parameters are available to both tags:

``query=""``

Optional. Enter any search string to use for querying videos.

``user=""``

Optional. Username to restrict all searches to. If no query parameter is used, defining a user will limit all video results to that user.

``limit=""``

Optional. Number of videos to show. Defaults to 20.

``offset=""``

Optional. Offset the query results. For example, do not show the first 3 videos.

``variable_prefix=""``

Optional. Allows you to prefix all variables within the tag to avoid possible collisions with other modules.

``width=""``

Optional. The width of the video if using the {embed} tag. Defaults to 360.

``height=""``

Optional. The height of the video if using the {embed} tag. Defaults to 240.

Tag examples with all available variables.

```
{exp:wyvern_video:youtube}
    {video_id}
    {title}
    {content} or {description}
    {url}
    {url_mobile}
    {thumbnail_0} {thumbnail_1} {thumbnail_2} {thumbnail_3}
    {author}
    {category}
    {keywords}
        {keyword}
    {/keywords}
    {duration}
    {view_count}
    {favorite_count}
    {id}
    {published}
    {updated}
    {embed}
{/exp:wyvern_video:youtube}
```

```
{exp:wyvern_video:vimeo}
    {video_id}
    {title}
    {content} or {description}
    {url}
    {url_mobile}
    {thumbnail_0} {thumbnail_1} {thumbnail_2} {thumbnail_3}
    {author}
    {tags}
        {tag}
    {/tags}
    {duration}
    {view_count}
    {favorite_count}
    {id}
    {published}
    {updated}
    {embed}
{/exp:wyvern_video:vimeo}
```